Incremental by Time Range Full Walkthrough (#3375)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/examples/incremental_time_full_walkthrough.md

```bash
sqlmesh create_external_models
```

```yaml
# external_models.yaml
- name: '`sqlmesh-public-demo`.`tcloud_raw_data`.`product_usage`'
  columns:
    product_id: STRING
    customer_id: STRING
    last_usage_date: TIMESTAMP
    usage_count: INT64
    feature_utilization_score: FLOAT64
    user_segment: STRING
- name: '`sqlmesh-public-demo`.`tcloud_raw_data`.`sales`'
  columns:
    transaction_id: STRING
    product_id: STRING
    customer_id: STRING
    transaction_amount: NUMERIC(10,2)
    transaction_timestamp: TIMESTAMP
    payment_method: STRING
    currency: STRING
```

Now, when I run the command below in my terminal and click on the link it will open up my browser to show the column level lineage I know and love.

```bash
sqlmesh ui
```

```bash
(venv) ✗ sqlmesh ui
INFO:     Started server process [89705]
INFO:     Waiting for application startup.
INFO:     Application startup complete.
INFO:     Uvicorn running on http://127.0.0.1:8000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)
```

![image.png](../guides/ui/node_level_audit_trail.png)

When I click on a column in `demo.incrementals_demo`, it will trace the column to the source!

![image.png](../guides/ui/column_level_audit_trail.png)

> Now, typically, I will promote these changes to production using SQLMesh’s open source GitHub CICD bot as shown in this demo pull request: [https://github.com/TobikoData/tobiko-cloud-demo/pull/4](https://github.com/TobikoData/tobiko-cloud-demo/pull/4), but to keep this guide simpler, let’s run `sqlmesh plan` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, typically, I will promote these changes to production using SQLMesh’s open source GitHub CICD bot as shown in [this demo pull request](https://github.com/TobikoData/tobiko-cloud-demo/pull/4), but to keep this guide simpler, let’s run `sqlmesh plan` directly.
```

??? "I can also run my unit tests against my main query engine to test things like UDFs or if there’s very specific SQL functions that do not neatly transpile to duckdb. Example test connection."

    ```yaml
    gateways:
      bigquery:
        connection:
          concurrent_tasks: 24
          register_comments: true
          type: bigquery
          method: service-account-json
          keyfile_json: {{ env_var('GOOGLE_SQLMESH_CREDENTIALS') }}
          project: sqlmesh-public-demo
        test_connection:
          concurrent_tasks: 24
          register_comments: true
          type: bigquery
          method: service-account-json
          keyfile_json: {{ env_var('GOOGLE_SQLMESH_CREDENTIALS') }}
          project: sqlmesh-public-demo
    ```

```sql
(venv) ✗ sqlmesh test
...
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 3 tests in 0.090s

OK
```

## Promoting Changes to Production

Now that I’ve done all this great work, how do I get this promoted into production?

> Typically, I will open a pull request combined with the [SQLMesh GitHub CI/CD bot](https://sqlmesh.readthedocs.io/en/stable/integrations/github/) as I mentioned earlier in this guide. But to keep it simple, I’ll run `sqlmesh plan` as I did above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, I will open a pull request combined with the [SQLMesh GitHub CI/CD bot](../integrations/github.md) as I mentioned earlier in this guide. But to keep it simple, I’ll run `sqlmesh plan` as I did above.
```
